---
title: PC 1961 Kennedy, Huddersfield - Not Fit For Purpose!
description: Refused to identify and issued a bogus warning
datePublished: 2023-07-28T14:03:45.728Z
dateModified: 2023-07-30T15:22:30.000Z
cover: assets/pc-1961-kennedy-huddersfield.png
coverAlt: PC 1961 Kennedy, Huddersfield - Not Fit For Purpose!
slug: pc-1961-kennedy-huddersfield-not-fit-for-purpose
category: casefile
tags:
  - huddersfield-police
  - west-yorkshire-police
---
## This is PC 1961 Kennedy of Huddersfield

This officer attempted to deliver a warning letter in the company of another man
claiming to be from *Kirklees Council* - however,
neither he nor the councillor appeared to have the necessary documentation
and were acting outside the jurisdiction of their job function, as well as
breaking the law.


## Here we see PC 1961 Kennedy break the law by refusing to identify as a police officer

He and the "council worker" came pottering along with their own little script lined up, which quickly
crumbled to ashes when they failed to produce the required documentation, and waddled away doing the 
walk of shame, leaving a foul stench and a mess which required strong bleach to remove.


<iframe width="1290" height="480" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/QrKbzzVASl8" title="Bogus PC 1961 Kennedy and Kirklees Council n*nce" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>


As well as this, the warning letter they delivered, but failed to issue correctly,
is directly orchestrated to facilitate the use of the land around these premises by
hard-crime rings, including drug use and child trafficking. The nearby flats are
occupied by a mixture of child abusers and drug addicts, who are hired by the rings to
carry out their dirty work - fortunately, with very limited success.

Near to this disaster zone are purpose-built bungalows designed for elderly and disabled
people, as well as slightly larger flats built for small families.

The concealed yard, although covered by cameras from all angles, is for some reason seen
as a desirable place to carry out deals and transporting peculiar-looking items.

The area is also known to have been frequented by the arena bomber in the time
leading up to the attack. 

A recent article in *The Evening Standard* highlights the connections between hard-crime
rings, especially pedophiles, and organised terror campaigns:


### ['Hostile states using organised crime gangs as proxies in the UK'](https://www.standard.co.uk/news/crime/national-crime-agency-mi5-north-korea-russian-london-b1094807.html)

'National Crime Agency director-general Graeme Biggar said law enforcement and MI5 are monitoring the threat.'

> Mr Biggar said the biggest group of offenders in the UK is those who pose a sexual threat to children, estimated to be between 680,000 and 830,000 people – around 10 times the prison population.
> He warned that the availability of abuse images online has a radicalising effect by normalising paedophiles’ behaviour, and that viewing images, whether real or AI-generated, increases the risk of someone going on to abuse a child themselves.
> There are around 59,000 people involved in serious organised crime in the UK, with around £12 billion generated by criminal activities each year, and around £100 billion of dirty cash from across the globe laundered through the UK.

_Coming soon will be a breakdown of their communication, highlighting the benefits
that implementing these instructions would have for the trafficking rings._